# Electronic-Code-of-Claw-Telegraph

The Code of Claw is a fictional system present in the _Gregor the Overlander_ series by Suzanne Collins, and is similar to morse code, where a combination of different
signals are used to communicate. But unlike morse code and its binary input, this system uses three inputs, a click, a scratch on the wall, and a tap on the wall.
This project was developed using an STM32F302R8 alongside a breadboard housing the external buttons, the pasive buzzer, and the LCD.

This project has six external interrupt button inputs, each of which have a falling edge mode and are pulled up. The first three buttons are for the main inputs, one 
button is for sending the entire message to the ouput, which in this case is a terminal using uart, another button for confirming the letter selection, and the last one
to add a space to the message. The LCD is used display the current message, while the terminal is used to display the final message that was sent. Lastly, the passive
buzzer is used to aurally convey that a button was pressed, and simply for cosmetics. The purpose of the buzzer was to be as similar to a morse code telegraph that uses
sound to convey its message.

Because the letters in the code of claw are organized in a tree like structure, where the branches are the inputs, and the leaves and joints are the letters that can be
produced from said inputs, the program uses a trie to traverse the list of characters. This system also uses timer controlled polling to check for button presses.

## GPIO PERIPHERALS

**_PA15** - CN7 pin 17, 5V

This pin connects to the SCL pin on the LCD.

**_PB0_** - CN7 pin 34, A3

Defined as CB in the program, or _Click Button_, this pin connects to the external button that represent the click input.

**_PB1_** - CN10 pin 24, D8

Defined as SB in the program, or _Scratch Button_, this pin connects to the external button that represent the scratch input.

**_PB2_** - CN10 pin 22, D7

Defined as TB in the program, or _Tap Button_, this pin connects to the external button that represent the tap input.

**_PB3_** - CN10 pin 31, D3

Defined as TRB in the program, or _Transmit Button_, this pin connects to the external button that confirms the selection of the letter.

**_PB4_** - CN10 pin 27, D5

Defined as SPB in the program, or _Space Button_, this pin connects to the external button that inputs a space in the message.

**_PB5** - CN10 pin 29, D4

Defined as SMB in the program, or _Send Message Button_, this pin connects to the external button that sends the message to the uart output, or the terminal.

**_PB7** - CN7 pin 21, GND

This pin connects to the SDA pin on the LCD.

**_PC0** - CN7 pin 38, A5

This pin is the PWM generated by TIM1 CHANNEL 1, and connects to the positive pin of the passive buzzer.
